IMPORTANT NOTICE

LASCAR Electronics Ltd ("LASCAR") owns the copyright in the Software contained
in or supplied with this Product and that copyright is never sold.

The Software is protected under the copyright laws of the United Kingdom and
corresponding laws in other countries of the World.  It is an infringement of
that copyright entitling LASCAR to damages and other legal remedies, to copy
the Software without its consent or offer for sale, sell, offer to hire, or
hire, or, in the course of business, to exhibit in public or distribute
unauthorised copies of the Software or any other product embodying such copies.
Each of those unlawful acts may also constitute a criminal offence.

The Software embodies information that is confidential to LASCAR. Under the
laws of the United Kingdom and the corresponding laws in other countries of the
World, LASCAR has the right, which is never sold, to maintain that information
confidential to itself and for this purpose to impose contractual conditions
for this purpose.

The Software may not be decompiled, reverse engineered, disassembled or reduced
in any way, whether to expose the confidential information in a form
intelligible to the human mind or for any other purpose whatever.  Any
adaptation, modification, reworking or otherwise making of any derivative work
of or from the Software is not authorised.

The purchase of this product carries with it the Grant of a non-exclusive,
fully paid up licence to use the Software.  The licence only permits use of the
software in conjunction with the Product when the Product is used in accordance
with instructions supplied with it, and for no other purpose.  It is a
condition of the continuance of that licence, which is accepted by the breaking
of the seal to this Product, that performance of any of the unlawful or
unauthorised acts set out above shall have the effect of immediately
terminating the licence, and entitling LASCAR to recover, without any payment
or other compensation, possession of  (i) any product containing the Software,
and/or

(ii) if separate, the Software,  
(iii) any unauthorised copies of the Software, and  
(iv) any damages it has suffered as a consequence of any such unlawful or
unauthorised acts in addition to any other relief which may be allowed in law.

LASCAR has a policy of rigorously pursuing all infringement and other unauthorised use of its rights.

